Merge main into v1 (#946)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.3 - 23 Feb 2022

> - Fix bug where the CLR traces can continue tracing even after tracing should be stopped. [#938](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/938)

Reviewer: I think this should be phrased in terms of the user-visible impact. That is, it **might** resolve an error we've seen of the form:

```
Compressed source archive exists at /home/centos/actions-runner/bypanacollab/_work/_temp/codeql_databases/csharp/src.zip, but uncompressed source directory /home/centos/actions-runner/bypanacollab/_work/_temp/codeql_databases/csharp/src is not empty -- aborting for safety.
```

I'm not actually certain it _will_ resolve the error though. So far we've only seen it on a private repo and haven't been able to reproduce, the PR was more just implementing a _hypothetical_ fix and making a bit of code more obviously correct than it was before.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
- Possibly fix a bug where tracing of C# projects can sometimes continue even after it should've stopped, resulting in an error about the `src` folder of the CodeQL database being non-empty. [#938](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/938)
```

I'm hesitant to specifically talk about the CLR tracer as most users won't know what that is. I think mentioning C# tracing is a bit less opaque to the average user.
